Cluster Transport Encryption Documentation (#3031)
mattermost/docs: source/install/transport-encryption/config.rst

=============================================
Configuring Transport Encryption
=============================================

> The components of the Mattermost setup can be shown in the following graphic,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The components of the Mattermost setup are shown in the following diagram,
```

> incl. the used transport encryption used. Aside from the encryption between the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
including the transport encryption used. Aside from the encryption between the
```

> Mattermost Application Server, all transports rely on TLS encryption.

Reviewer 2: between the Mattermost Application Server and *what*?

Reviewer 2: Guessing this should be `Mattermost Application Servers` but I'm certain?

Author: Edited to `Aside from the encryption between the nodes
of the Mattermost cluster, all transports rely on TLS encryption.`, which should make that more clear.

**Note:** The transport between the Application servers is not used by default and
requires additional setup steps. Enhancing the core product to include automatic

> encryption between cluster nodes is in progress and planned for the 5.18 release.

Reviewer 2: Did this land for 5.18?

Author: Thanks, I suspect it will be 5.20 - Edited!

.. figure:: ../../images/transport-encryption.png

> The configuration guides are split up in the following documents:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The configuration guides are split up into the following documents:
```
